OSDOCS-8322: update Red Hat Device Edge page (#66754)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/about-rhde.adoc

^|None
|===

> When {ansible} is used to manage {product-title} deployments, there is no hard dependency. Using the latest {ansible} is recommended, but any supported version is possible. See the https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/ansible-automation-platform[Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform Life Cycle] page for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When {ansible} is used to manage {product-title} deployments, there is no hard dependency. Using the latest {ansible} is recommended, but you can use any supported version. See the https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/ansible-automation-platform[Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform Life Cycle] page for details.
```

Reviewer 2: +1 
"hard dependency" sound a bit vague and it might help to expand or clarify its meaning here

> When {ansible} is used to manage {product-title} deployments, there is no hard dependency. Using the latest {ansible} is recommended, but any supported version is possible. See the https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/ansible-automation-platform[Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform Life Cycle] page for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When {ansible} is used to manage {product-title} deployments, there is no hard dependency. Using the latest {ansible} is recommended, but any supported version is possible. See the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/ansible-automation-platform[Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform Life Cycle] page for details.
```
